https://twitter.com/AlphaChar/status/951607796981817344

BE BRAVE
Courage is better than silence. Speak up to improve things. Share your ideas. Give feedback.

SPEAK THE TRUTH
Even when it is uncomfortable for you or others.

HAVE INTEGRITY
Work it. Work it like you know it needs to be worked. Never half-ass anything.
If you can’t do it properly today, do it properly tomorrow.

EARN YOUR SEAT AT THE TABLE
Every damn day. If you are privileged to be in a position where you can share your voice -
it is your obligation to use that voice. So do it.
Work is not the amount of hours your ass is sitting in the office chair -
it’s what you do with those hours.

SHOW INITIATIVE
Don’t ask “Will I do X?” That’s just demanding labour from someone else
higher up the food chain. Just fucking do it and report back when you have solved the problem.
A good worker anticipates need and solves need without creating additional burden.

TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
See a problem? Don’t wait to be asked to fix it. Don’t complain nobody's taking care of it.
Be that person. Put your hand up. Say “I'll fix X”.
Then fix it or arrange the universe in such a way that it gets fixed.
Be a human being with agency in the world.

BE RELENTLESS
If something doesn’t work. If a player/customer/patient has an issue - do not rest.
Never expect someone else to raise the issue. Never accept half-assed fob-off answers.
And if you can’t fix it yourself, keep talking as loud as you need to until it is.

NEVER REST ON YOUR LAURELS
Even if you did something good 5 years/weeks/minutes ago,
you are not excused from the pursuit of excellence now.

COMMUNICATE & SHARE KNOWLEDGE
If nobody knows what you are doing, you might as well be doing nothing at all.
Make sure relevant people know what you do. Make sure you know what relevant people do.
Encourage sharing to improve mission awareness & decrease duplication of effort.

CARE
If you don’t, why should anybody else?
Surround yourself with believers and be a believer yourself.

TELL YOUR COLLEAGUES WHEN THEY DO GOOD WORK
It’s not just for leaders. Tell your peers when they do things you admire.

LEAD BY EXAMPLE
Also not just for leaders. There is some area of your organisation that you know better
than anyone else. Be the champion of your piece of turf. Do with it as you know it deserves.

REST
No matter how much you do, the work will never, ever be done.
Take breaks and rest so you don’t burn out. I’ve had two nervous breakdowns in my time.
Trust me, you don’t need even one.
